#00014718
On October 27th, I began developing this website. I regarded my front-end skills as strong. But I still don't know a lot of stuff. First, I gave the decision of which website to use a lot of thought. Eventually, I came to the conclusion that this website was intended to establish the official website of AKFA University. I mostly utilised my understanding of HTML and CSS to build this website. I wanted the website to resemble the original as closely as possible before I built it. And I believe the webpage I created is a close replica of the original. Making the website has presented me with a number of challenges. For instance, I struggled to locate resources during the beginning of my production. But this, too, was eventually resolved. I used the links to locate and download the materials from the original website's source section. The website's slider section was also a major challenge. Because frame works were necessary in order to create a slider. Still, I managed to make it. Since I have strong design abilities, moving in this direction was not at all difficult. In brief, I received significant assistance from YouTube, Udemy, and other sites in addition to lectures. The website was not responsive, despite my best efforts. Because it needs to be responsive from the start if it is to become responsive. There are six pages on this website. The correct HTML, CSS, and javascript codes are utilised. So, I've been working on this website for almost a month.

Hosting link : https://00014718.netlify.app/
Github link: https://github.com/00014718/00014718.git
